# Privacy Policy - WeightLog

**Last Updated: Feb 2, 2025**

This privacy policy applies to the WeightLog app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Robert Gordiyevych (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

# What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

The Application does not obtain any information when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Application.

# Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

# Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Since the Application does not collect any information, no data is shared with third parties.

# What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it as data is stored locally on device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

# Security

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. However, since the Application does not collect any information, there is no risk of your data being accessed by unauthorized individuals.

# Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in the Application or legal requirements. The latest version will always be accessible on the project’s [GitHub repository](https://github.com/RoBoT095/weightlog/blob/main/PRIVACY_POLICY.md).

# Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at robert.gordiyevych@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) (with modifications by [Robert Gordiyevych](https://github.com/RoBoT095))
